#: Sells boxparts in container to person specified

# .boxparts parts.container part.buyer

hammer:
put get tiny hammer
match sellhammer You get
match studs What were
matchwait

sellhammer:
put give hammer to %1
goto hammer

studs:
put get studs
match sellstuds You get
match needle What were
matchwait

sellstuds:
put give studs to %1
goto studs

needle:
put get needle
match sellneedle You get
match tube What were
matchwait

sellneedle:
put give needle to %1
goto needle

tube:
put get tube
match selltube You get
match face What were
matchwait

selltube:
put give tube to %1
goto tube


face:
put get face
match sellface You get
match pin What were
matchwait

sellface:
put give face to %1
goto face

pin:
put get pin
match sellpin You get
match crystal What were
matchwait

sellpin:
put give pin to %1
goto pin

crystal:
put get crystal
match sellcrystal You get
match seal What were
matchwait

sellcrystal:
put give crystal to %1
goto crystal

seal:
put get seal
match sellseal You get
match striker What were
matchwait

sellseal:
put give seal to %1
goto seal

striker:
put get steel striker
match sellstriker You get
match reservoir What were
matchwait

sellstriker:
put give striker to %1
goto striker

reservoir:
put get glass reservoir
match sellreservoir You get
match rune What were
matchwait

sellreservoir:
put give reservoir to %1
goto reservoir

rune:
put get rune
match sellrune You get
match exit What were
matchwait

sellrune:
put give rune to %1
goto rune

exit:
exit