h1. Script Summary

*bank.txt*  
Exchanges and deposits your money.  
Currently works in Crossing, Ratha, Shard, possibly Haven

*boxparts.txt*  
Sells parts collected from boxes to person specified

*braid.txt*  
Updated Aveda's script  
So it doesn't get stuck in an infinite loop

*brawld.txt*  
Cycles through circle, bob, and weave

*edged.txt*  
cycles through feint, draw, sweep, slice, and chop   
for ME, HE, 2HE

*favorstowgate.txt*  
Goes from favor location to Crossing west gate

*getdirt.txt*  
Forages dirt and puts it in specified container

*halberd.txt*  
Halberd combo that tries to avoid puncture attacks

*juggle.txt*  
Gets jugglies and juggles them until locked

*moonblade.txt*  
Works PM, Harness, MD, and PP  
With the new PP system, PP gets worked much faster than the other three.  
MD gets worked the least. I sometimes will run the shapemoonblade script to compensate.

*moonper.txt*  
Cycles through perceiving the different kinds of moon mana and four targets (i.e. moonbeams, people)

*ratha-with-group-fixes.txt*  
Kraelyst's Ratha script with the group check fixed

*shapemoonblade.txt*  
Continuously shapes a moonblade  
Works MD decently, at least with 50 ranks.  
Each shaping has a 50-60 second rt, depending on skill.

*shoot.txt*  
Loads weapon, aims, fires, then tries to stow ammo and search critter

*spells.txt*  
Cycles through two spells, pausing specified seconds between them  
.spells 11 shadows ease

*wgatetofavors.txt*  
Takes you from Crossing west gate to favor location

h1. Other script resources

"*Malific's Script Shop*":http://malific.com/  
Hunting, box popping, foraging, and more  

"*Kraelyst's Travel Scripts*":http://www.lurksponge.com/travel/scripts.html  
Essential scripts for traversing Kemoria  

"*Aveda's SF Scripts*":http://dr.aveda.googlepages.com/scripts  

"*Elanthipedia*":http://www.elanthipedia.com/wiki/Scripts  

h2. Contact info

dont.drink.that.milk@gmail.com
